Hello there! My name is @RasaiStewart, and I am thrilled to share my story with you. I am a two-time student of the year award winner, a graduate of Computer Science (AI) from Greenwich University with a strong background in IT and technology and a proven track record of success with over three years of experience in IT and Technology and 14 years of experience creating social media posts about the latest technological advancements in different fields.

I am skilled in using Microsoft Excel, Power BI, PowerPoint, Word, Overleaf, Python, Java, Scheme, Prolog, HTML, CSS and JavaScript for backend, frontend and full-stack projects, incorporating artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML).  As well as using libraries such as Django, TensorFlow, Keras and Pytorch. Not to mention using Integrated development environments (IDES) such as Pycharm, Racket and Visual Studio. This is illustrated through achieving a grade of 75% for writing coherent and well-structured user and technical documentation for creating an implementation of binary and linear search capable of searching through a list containing 999999999 items in under a nanosecond to solve an interview question I created using Python, a distinction for creating a cash flow forecast model I created in Excel, an aesthetically beautiful website I designed in visual studio and created and published using Wix and another webpage for a blog that I created using HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

At a recent employability day with Hearst UK, I developed an insight into the publishing industry by attending talks, asking questions and writing, editing and presenting a sales pitch for both a partnership and a new and innovative product. In a recent Internship with the Charity for Civil Servants, I created Overleaf presentations using information gathered from research I conducted into new and innovative technologies to facilitate virtual meetings and activities to increase audience engagement within the company. During another internship, I inspected, cleaned, transformed, and modelled data from a CSV file to extract insights into the locations of suspects from personal identifiers including information exchanges between suspects via text, email and social media Excel and Power BI to support decision-making and conviction.

In addition, my ability to write scientific articles is illustrated through achieving a grade of 75% for writing a comprehensive and well-structured article outlining the advantages and disadvantages of cryptography in cryptocurrency with recommendations for improvements that can be made in the future through taking different approaches and using different algorithms with clear references and in-text citations.

My passion for technology is ever-evolving, and I am enthusiastic about a range of fields, including cyber security, digital forensics, data science, Full-stack development, artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning (ML), research, cryptography, web development, web design, science and technology writing, editing, and journalism.

I am currently seeking opportunities to collaborate on exciting projects in web design/development, artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, agentic AI,  cyber security, data science, and scientific and technology writing projects on a freelance, part-time, contract or permanent basis. If you're looking for someone with a passion for innovation, excellent attention to detail, a strong work ethic, resilience, and a commitment to excellence look no further.

You can connect with me on GitHub, Dots, Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, or via email, and I would be happy to discuss how my  design, programming and troubleshooting skills can benefit you and your team at any time.
